Interviewing
ITSM and Customer Service

1.	Have you ever used a 'ticketing' system for IT Service Management? If so which and can you tell me a bit about how you used it? 

[prompt] We use ServiceNow are you familiar with this platform?

If never, how was work managed at their previous workplace and how well were their methods successful? 

2.	Can you tell me about a time when you have had to work with members of other IT teams to resolve a major incident or problem? 

3.	Have you ever had to escalate a difficult issue and what would that process have looked like?   

4.	How would you describe excellent IT support? 

[prompt] Have you ever had to get technical support from a company? What did they do well? What did they do poorly? 
IT Support

1.	The Service Desk at CLEAResult must often provide remote support. Have you supported a remote user base and which remote support tools would you have used most to troubleshoot? 

[prompt] We use Bomgar by Beyond Support. It provides (more) functionality like auto-escalation, file transfer, cmd line, multi monitor support, etc. The Service Desk uses this tool most often to connect to a user's computer to provide troubleshooting.  Do you feel like you are comfortable learning new technologies? 


2.	Have you used Teams, Slack, Discord, Zoom, etc to collaborate? What do you like about these apps or what don't you like? 

[further prompt] Most of our internal comms are emails (Outlook) and IM (Teams). We're using Teams for most communication internally. We also run a call center using Teams. I think a lot of business with our clients is done by email, so Outlook is a commonly used app. What kind of support have you provided for Outlook? 


3.	What kind of troubleshooting have you had to provide for phones, tablets, MacOS and/or other UNIX or LINIX OSs? How were your mobile devices managed?

4.	Can you tell me about a tricky Microsoft Windows 10 issue you had to troubleshoot?

5.	Can you tell me about a tricky Microsoft Office 365 issue you had to troubleshoot? 

6.	What kind of issues can clearing a browser’s browsing data fix? (history, cookies, cache)

7.	What's a VPN? 

8.	What's CRM and can you name a platform or two? 

9.	 What is SSO? 

10.	 Have you ever supported a virtual environment?
